Wrong item sent, zero communication
This is big over size. I think size is xxxl
No customer support. Zero response from the seller.
Unresponsive. Item hasn’t shipped.
Stitching has already come out and already showing wear.
Looks different
Still have not arrived.....
Seller sent someone else’s order. Never replied to any messages. AVOID THIS SELLER
This is the first review that I am leaving that is negative. (Ever) Item arrived and they were too small. I sent the seller several messages to see if I could do an even exchange because if I reordered I would not only have to pay return shipping, but pay about $15 more because the price changed. Very disappointed in Customer service! They never responded.
No returned messages from seller. Received item later than expected. I consider no response to messages very disrespectful.
The seller cancelled the order due to out of stock .this seller is dishonest
2 weeks still waiting absolutely ridiculous
Never did receive my package on time. Retailer never even bothered to write me back even though I sent an email to ask them what was the problem? Who knows?
No response from seller
Never received the article.
I’ve never received the product, I write many times and you didn’t give me a resolution for the inconvenience
Sent a totally different product from what I ordered
they canceled the order
It’s not what I order
Poor quality
This iteam is very small and unsatisfiing . i never really return ideam thank u
Order was wrong and didn’t make it right
The seller took almost a month to act like he mailed my item. Just to find out he never did. I wouldn’t recommend anyone buying from him.
the title does not perfectly describe the article irresponsible sellers
TERRIBLE. Don’t do business with these people.
BEWARE of this seller they do bad business. would not recommend them to a single person.
Item never shipped 2 weeks after purchasing, when I asked about it they said it was shipping and out of their hands, then outta no where they refunded. Wouldn’t purchase from here again.
Brutal!!!! NEver again, horrible customer service
Never received item
Waited 4 days before requesting tracking. Was provided a partial refund.
Haven’t received it
I request to cancel the order right after I placed it, but they denied to cancel
No Thanks!!!
Item Never Came. Transaction Was Canceled For No Reason
Wrong item was sent and when asked to send the correct item they weren't able to
Seller cncld ordr 1wk ltr. Said dsnt hv item. I askd 4 dfrnt
they cancel my order after 6 days
Horrible!! Seller says order was canceled
No good, not at all
The worst iOffer experience. Beware, never received item, no tracking#
supplied...
Received someone else item. I had to pay for the return. My order never arrived
Very poor track info
Purchased but not in stock. Refunded.
Shipping took forever like an extra 4 days.
The quality of the item is not what I expected I would like to return it.
Worst service ever.... BEWARE
Did not gave a chnace to contact, seller just cancelled the transaction.
Bad service
Don’t waste your time with this seller.
I’ve had great experience on iOffer… but this guy never getting my business again
Awful communication Do not buy
Sent message to cancel order seconds after order placed, but item w still sent.
Wasn't shipped the size I selected. Seller didn't respond when I contacted them.
No responses. Refunded for out of stock
Where’s my order or I want my money back
Cancel my items without notice, very frustrating :triumph:
I Asked for an exchange but was told I had to re-order another size! I wasn't pl
I CANCEL THIS ORDER AND EMAIL 3X SELLER JUST IGNOR AND SHIP THIS
Not trust worthy
I don’t like it
Waste of time...seller canceled order!
It’s too tight
I received a refund without requesting one, I requested reason no response
Although i received them quick, it was wrong size. I emailed 2 times..no answer
They don't look the same.
Contacted seller few times asking for an update and never gotten any feedback
Zero communication.. 4 emails no package after 2 weeks.. glad I got a refund..
Seller was very poor in responding to messages and sloe shipping.
These are awful!
no reply to problem. very slow to mail
Very bad!!!
Was not the right description
Terrible communication. No response - not happy.
The seller cancelled my order without explanation.
seller was unconcerned about late arrival His messages were IN TRANSIT
Took too long for delivery
Wrong size, returned, told needed to wait 10d for refund. Lazy seller
Items aren’t nice I don’t recommend everythingso thin they charge for returns
poorly made. maybe it's copy
This poor seller is a cheater, find a better seller then this ugly one .
Horrible experience
First bad experience on ioffer. Big Shame
The seller was very slow to respond to a request
Seller cancelled item w/o even notifying me.
order got canceld without any comment...
Too Small !
Its not like shown
Seller ran out of stock and cancelled the order
Cancelled order without explanation.
Item never arrived, refund issued. No responce to msgs
Not a good quality
Metal fell off
seller cancelled sale with no explaination to me. NO COMMUNICATION!!!!!
Package lost in customs
Item is damaged
This is for poor customer service not for the item. Item is good
Bad Product . It seems we got fake one. its damaged after few days used.
Got refunded with no explanation . I really wanted it.
He gave me a refund without even asking. I needed the item as a gift
Took too many days to arrive
Seller canceled and refunded order with no explanation or communication
Slow shipment they shipped the item one week after the shipping label printed
Never received item. Refunded with no explanation
Box had funny smell
Not a responsive seller. Not recommended..
No recommend
I'm inconvenienced by your service . don't EVER want to experience this again
Not good asset to ioffer
Issued a refund, no reason given. Item was a gift, I was expecting it.
Shipping was slow and late. Dont buy from ever again.
